Github Actions backports from stabilization branch (#7320)
ComplianceAsCode/content: release_tools/README.md

The stabilization phase is typically two weeks long. To start the stabilization:

- Create a new branch called **stabilization**, if there is a leftover branch

>   from the previous release the new one shoule replace it, we do not version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  from the previous release the new one should replace it, we do not version
```

    Make a commit and PR it. \* Make sure you don’t have any uncommited
    changes, otherwise they may be lost during the release. \* Make sure
    you have the `master` and `stabilization` branch checked
    out and up to date.

Check Phase
-----------

There is a GitHub Action hooked up with **stabilization** branch which
would run a set of extensive tests on every push. Make sure that all these tests
are passing before moving on to the release process.

Build and Release Phase
-----------------------

Everything necessary for the release is built by the release GitHub Action,
which is triggered when a tag **v*.*.*** is pushed to the repository. This tag
should point to the **stabilization** branch that is ready to be released.

> This action will also create a relase draft with release notes automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action will also create a release draft with release notes automatically
```

> generated. They way how action will categorize and break down changes is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generated. The way in which the action will categorize and break down changes is
```

controlled by the `.github/workflows/release-changelog.json` configuration file.

General rule is that Title Case PR labels would form the base of the changelog.

Release
-------

Create and push **vX.X.XX** tag to the GitHub repo. Wait for the release action

> to finish. Check the release draft and update the release notes if nessesary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to finish. Check the release draft and update the release notes if necessary.
```

-   and [Package Update How
    To](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Package_update_HOWTO)

> COPR Builds

Reviewer: I wonder if  we should leave the documentation here since we no longer maintain the copr repo for SSG.

Author: Got rid of it
